PEM-7758 - Appliance Framework for Self-Hosted Palette and Palette VerteX (#7197)
spectrocloud/librarium: _partials/self-hosted/appliance-framework/_upload-packs-enablement.mdx

---
partial_category: self-hosted
partial_name: upload-packs-enablement
---

1. Navigate to the Artifact Studio through a web browser and click the **Build bundle** option.

> 2. Ensure to select the **{props.iso} Appliance** product on the **Product selection** step and build your pack

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Select the **{props.iso} Appliance** product on the **Product selection** step and build your pack
```

   bundles by following the prompts in the Artifact Studio.

   Refer to the Artifact Studio (link TBC) guide for detailed guidance on how to build pack bundles and verify the
   integrity of the downloaded files.

3. Download the pack bundles to your local machine. Each pack is downloaded in `.zst` format.

> 4. Log in to the Local UI of the leader host of the {props.version} management cluster. By default, the Local UI is accessible

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Log in to the Local UI of the leader host of the {props.version} management cluster. By default, Local UI is accessible
```

   at `https://<node-ip>:5080`. Replace `<node-ip>` with the IP address of the leader host.

5. From the left main menu, click **Content**.

6. Click **Actions** in the top right and select **Upload Content** from the drop-down menu.

7. Click the upload icon to open the file selection dialog and select the downloaded pack ZST files from your local
   machine. You can select multiple files at once. Alternatively, you can drag and drop the files into the upload area.

>    The upload process will start automatically once the files have been selected. You can monitor the upload progress in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The upload process starts automatically once the files are selected. You can monitor the upload progress in
```
